# 4.40

???+ info "Important announcement"

    With release v4.30.0 we have officially marked our [kubernetes](https://github.com/cognigy/kubernetes) repository as `deprecated`. If you are an `on-premise` customer and you are running Cognigy.AI/Cognigy Insights yourself, please have a look at our [Helm Chart](https://github.com/cognigy/cognigy-ai-helm-chart) which we have crafted for Cognigy.AI/Cognigy Insights! Our Kubernetes repository will still receive updates `until 31st December 2022`.

## 4.40.0

### Cognigy.AI

**Released** November 29th, 2022

#### Improvements
- Improved the UX of the Voice Preview Dialog
- Improved by updating the Webchat Widget to latest version (v2.44.0)
- Improved by allowing to navigate Positive/Negative confirmation words using Enter key
- Improved by adjusting the generic Voice Flow Nodes "Barge In" and "Play"

#### Bugfixes
- Fixed a bug where when using a Think node in a flow with Complete Goal nodes defined, these goals were not available in the odata Sessions endpoint.
- Fixed a bug where an Execute Cognigy NLU node would not trigger an intent's default reply. An new option Process Intent Default Reply has been added to the Execute Cognigy NLU node. This option is disabled by default, which means the default reply is not processed. However, when it is enabled, the default reply is processed in the same manner as when triggered by means other than the Execute Cognigy NLU node.
- Fixed a bug where execution count for realtime translation with DeepL did not work properly for English and Portugese.
- Fixed a bug where English money slots would sometimes be recognized as date slots.
- Fixed a bug where service-parser would crash when importing Keyphrases with an empty data object.
- Fixed a bug where CognigyScript in lookup Nodes would log errors.
- Fixed a bug where the media file attached from WhatsApp endpoint is not visible in the interaction panel during a live-follow
- Fixed a bug where voice name and language gets reset after audio provider is changed

### Cognigy Insights

**Released** November 29th, 2022

#### Improvements
- Changed Step Explorer visualisation in order to support larger amounts of data during visualization phase

#### Bugfixes
- Fixed a bug where live agent escalations records would not get inserted because of corresponding session information
- Fixed a bug where Transcript Explorer would show an incorrect number of sessions whenever the channel name differs for the same sessionID
- Fixed a bug where the conversations line chart in detailed view was crashing on the "Today" time filter

### Cognigy Live Agent

**Released** November 29th, 2022

#### Improvements
- Improved by adding a raw data modal for the whisper assist and assist bot forwardable messages - allowing our customers to inspect the data they will forward for all channels Cognigy.AI supports

#### Bugfixes
- Fixed a bug where the email transcript was missing descriptions for audio, video, image and list messages
- Fixed a bug where the translations in the success message for updating agents inside an inbox was not displayed correctly
- Fixed a bug where navigating to a nonexistent inbox in inbox settings will let you edit it, even if it does not exist. Resulting in an error when updating

### Webchat Widget

You can find the release notes for our Webchat Widget on [Github](https://github.com/Cognigy/WebchatWidget/releases) as usual. The latest release of our Webchat Widget at the time of releasing all other Cognigy products is [v2.44.0](https://github.com/Cognigy/WebchatWidget/releases/tag/v2.44.0).