# 4.42 - Happy New Year ✨

???+ warning "Live Agent Lite / Livechat support removed"
    Live Agent Lite (also called Livechat) has been deprecated a long time ago. We want to announce, once again, that
    this product no longer receives any updates. Support is EOL - all references to this product will be removed with
    a future Cognigy.AI version. Please upgrade to Cognigy Live Agent, the successor of Live Agent Lite.

???+ warning "Old OData versions deprecated"
    In Cognigy.AI 'v4.42.0', we have deprecated our OData interface 'v2.0' and 'v2.2'. We strongly recommend migrating to OData interface 'v2.3' as we will remove the other versions in Cognigy.AI 'v4.43.0'.

## 4.42.0

### Cognigy.AI

**Released** January 11th, 2022

#### Improvements
- Added the opportunity to handle the "user disconnect" event for the RCE handover provider. This event will be handled for supporting endpoints like Webchat with the RCE handover provider.
- Extended the "Handover to Agent" Flow Node with the capability to pass "additional category IDs" to RingCentral Engage
- Added the `api-ban` service to block calls from prohibited IP addresses
- Added a warning when a Transfer Node is called from the Interaction Panel
- Added the capability to receive `conversationcounter` via Open API for the `voiceGateway2` channel
- Improved the Set Session Config Node by adding advanced configuration for Azure TTS and STT

#### Bugfixes
- Removed the required reloading of a page with lexicon attachments after switching locales
- Fixed the service-resources error when the service is shut down in the 3rd Runtime entry
- Fixed the incorrect number of handover requests in Insights
- Fixed the behavior of the Set Session Config Node, and its values are now correctly updated
- Fixed the issue with the Play Node crashing when configuring the Set Activity Parameters

### Cognigy Insights

**Released** January 11th, 2022

#### Improvements
- Added a Data Expiration indicator in the upper-right corner of the Insights interface

#### Bugfixes
- Removed restrictions on displaying a limited number of agents in the Agent drop-down list in the upper-left corner of the Insights interface
- Removed restrictions on displaying a limited number of flows in the Flow drop-down list on the Transcript Explorer page

### Cognigy Live Agent

**Released** January 11th, 2022

#### Bugfixes
- Fixed time codes overlapping conversation messages in the Previous Conversations menu
- Added a customer name in the conversation transcript sent by email

### Webchat Widget
You can find the release notes for our Webchat Widget on [Github](https://github.com/Cognigy/WebchatWidget/releases) as usual. The latest release of our Webchat Widget at the time of releasing all other Cognigy products is [v2.46.0](https://github.com/Cognigy/WebchatWidget/releases/tag/v2.46.0).

### Infrastructure (AI + IN)

#### Horizontal Pod Autoscaling

We have introduced additional HPA objects for additional microservices. Please don't use them in production, yet.