---
title: "2025.13"
slug: "2025.13"
hidden: false
---

# 2025.13

!!! warning "Knowledge AI: New Rules for Empty Knowledge Chunks"
    From version 2025.13.0 onward, creating empty Knowledge Chunks via the [GUI or API is no longer allowed](../ai/empower/knowledge-ai/knowledge-chunk/knowledge-chunk.md). Existing empty Knowledge Chunks remain temporarily visible in the Chunk editor and will soon be removed automatically.

!!! warning "Feature Removals in 2025.13"

    The Intent Sentence Generation, Flow Generation, Adaptive Card Generation, Lexicon Generation settings have been removed from [Project settings](../ai/empower/generative-ai.md#configure-llms-for-design-time-features). You can configure an LLM for these features altogether with the Design-Time LLM Features setting. If you had configured an LLM for one of the removed features and configure the Design-Time LLM Features setting as None, this setting automatically uses the previously configured LLM.

    Refer to the list of all upcoming removals on the [Deprecations and Removals](deprecations-and-removals.md) page.

!!! tip "Give Docs Feedback"
    Help us improve our product documentation on `docs.cognigy.com` by sharing your thoughts in a [quick survey](https://forms.office.com/e/xnqneVasp2). Your feedback shapes the future of our content!

## 2025.13.1

### Cognigy Live Agent

**Released** June 25, 2025

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where upgrading the Live Agent Helm chart from version 2025.13.0 to 2025.13.1 resulted in a migration error

## 2025.13.0

### Cognigy.AI

**Released** June 24, 2025

#### Features

##### New LLM Prompt Node and Load AI Agent Node

Introduced two new Nodes to give you more flexibility when building AI Agents:

- [New LLM Prompt Node](../ai/build/node-reference/service/llm-prompt.md) — provides more flexibility and includes advanced AI functionalities, including tool actions, image support, and use of the conversation transcript that the AI Agent Node uses. The legacy LLM Prompt Node will still be available.
- [Load AI Agent Node](../ai/build/node-reference/ai/load-ai-agent.md) — lets users load the AI Agent configuration and persona to the Input or Context object, for example, for reusing the conversation transcript or the persona in the new LLM Prompt Node.

#### Improvements

- Added support for [OpenAI's](../ai/empower/llms/providers/openai.md) and [Microsoft Azure OpenAI's](../ai/empower/llms/providers/microsoft-azure-openai.md) `gpt-4.1`, `gpt-4.1-mini`, and `gpt-4.1-nano` models, [Anthropic's](../ai/empower/llms/providers/anthropic.md) `claude-opus-4-0` and `claude-sonnet-4-0`, and [Mistral AI's](../ai/empower/llms/providers/mistral.md) `mistral-medium` model. Additionally, changed the version mapping of [Anthropic's](../ai/empower/llms/providers/anthropic.md) and Mistral AI's models to include the `*-latest` suffix. This suffix ensures that the latest version of the model is used when you select it. The versioning mapping applies to the following models:
    - Anthropic's `claude-3-5-sonnet` and `claude-3-7-sonnet` are now listed as `claude-3-5-sonnet-latest` and `claude-3-7-sonnet-latest` respectively.
    - Mistral AI's `mistral-large-2411`, `mistral-small-2501`, and `pixtral-large-2411` are now listed as `mistral-large-latest`, `mistral-small-lates`, and `pixtral-large-latest` respectively. `mistral-medium` is listed as `mistral-medium-latest`
- Added options to upload a Knowledge Source from a URL or file in the [AI Agent creation wizard](../ai/empower/agentic-ai/manage-ai-agents.md)
- Added capability to collapse debug messages in the [Interaction Panel](../ai/test/interaction-panel/overview.md) and copy them to the clipboard
- Added the [Render Markdown option](../ai/test/interaction-panel/overview.md) support to the Interaction Panel settings. Now, you can test how AI Agents output Markdown formatting
- Improved stability of the handover database connection and optimized message sending to handover providers by using caching

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where the Transcript Steps setting in the Search Extract Output Node was fixed to 2 in the backend, even though users could change the setting in the Node editor. Now, changes to this setting apply accordingly
- Fixed the issue where Knowledge Chunks with empty text were included in a Knowledge Source
- Fixed the issue where deleting an entry from the Intent Trainer list caused an issue with the Add to Intent button
- Fixed the issue where a Voice Gateway Endpoint using Live Agent for handovers didn't receive messages from human agents
- Fixed the issue where empty Knowledge Chunks could be created in the Chunk Editor
- Fixed the issue where 2024 and 2025 were missing in the Conversation report year selector in Management UI
- Fixed the issue where the Question Node editor displayed the Google Model field twice in the STT section of the Voice Gateway channel
- Fixed the issue where nested `gather` verbs weren't applied when Repeat Question toggle was deactivated in the Reprompt Options section 
- Fixed the issue where changing the Priority field in the Live Agent handover provider settings in the Handover to Agent Node didn't activate the Save Node button

### Cognigy Voice Gateway

**Released** June 24, 2025

#### Improvements

- Improved general stability of Voice Gateway

### Cognigy Webchat

**Released** June 24, 2025

#### Improvements

- Updated Webchat v3 to [v3.24.0](https://github.com/Cognigy/Webchat/releases/tag/v3.24.0)
- Added support for Markdown to the [Privacy Notice text field](../webchat/v3/configuration.md#privacy-notice). Now, you can customize your Privacy Notice with bold and italic formatting, and hyperlinks

### Cognigy Live Agent

**Released** June 24, 2025

#### Improvements

- Added new parameters to the following collections in the [Live Agent OData endpoint](../live-agent/tools/odata-endpoint.md): Label, User, and Conversation

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue of the `selectOne` API endpoint. Previously, requesting a specific label, for example, `/Label(100)`, that didn't exist returned a `200 OK` status with an empty array. Now, the request correctly returns a `404 Not Found` status for missing labels, aligning with standard REST API practices

### Infrastructure

#### Cognigy.AI + Insights + AI Copilot

Cognigy.AI 2025.13.0 and later versions are compatible with MongoDB 7.0.15:

- For SaaS installations, all environments hosted by Cognigy will be updated to MongoDB 7.0.15.
- For on-premises installations, update MongoDB to 7.0.15 after updating Cognigy.AI to version 2025.13.0 following the [instructions in Cognigy's GitHub repository](https://github.com/Cognigy/cognigy-mongodb-helm-chart?tab=readme-ov-file#upgrading-helm-release)

#### Version Compatibility Matrix

The version compatibility matrix was updated for the following Cognigy products:

- [Cognigy.AI, Insights, and AI Copilot](../ai/installation/version-compatibility-matrix.md)
- [Cognigy Live Agent](../live-agent/installation/deployment/version-compatibility-matrix.md)
- [Cognigy Voice Gateway](../voice-gateway/installation/version-compatibility-matrix.md)