---
title: "4.77"
slug: "4.77"
hidden: false
---

# 4.77

{! _includes/release-notes/upcoming-feature-removals.md !}

## 4.77.1

### Infrastructure

#### Cognigy Voice Gateway

- Add `PRIVATE_IP_ONLY` to `feature-server` StatefulSet and Deployment and `sbc-sip` StatefulSet and DaemonSet. It can be controlled via `.Values.drachtio.privateIpOnly`. The default value is `false`.

## 4.77.0

### Cognigy.AI

**Released** May 28th, 2024

#### Features

- The [Webchat v3 Beta](../webchat/v3/overview.md) is now available. This means that most of the errors from the Webchat v3 Preview have been fixed, and features from v2 are now included in v3 Beta.
  With this release, the 18-month countdown to the deprecation of Webchat v2 begins.
  During this time, only important security updates will be provided for v2, with no further feature additions.

#### Improvements

- Added the [Google Gemini](../ai/empower/llms.md#supported-models) provider for LLMs
- Added the Microsoft AI Copilot extension to the Cognigy Marketplace
- Released Webchat v2.60
- Added translations for languages other than English
- Renamed the UI term `agent` to differentiate between a Project, an AI Agent, and a human agent
- Updated the OpenAPI documentation for the Cognigy.AI API
- Added the display of the `Handover was canceled` message in the chat when the Genesys Open Messaging handover is terminated by the human agent or due to end user inactivity

#### Bugfixes

- Fixed the issue where the handover status was not updating from `Queued` when the end user disconnected, despite the human agent replying first
- Fixed the issue where selecting different voices with labels using Activity Parameters on the Voice Gateway channel did not return the correct language
- Fixed the issue where the NLU V2 migration script encountered `KeyError('deepTraining')`
- Fixed the issue where the Say Node autocompletion for default channel structured content would always require an `_image` template to be configured
- Fixed the issue where the `Content Security Policy` HTTP header was missing on the UI
- Fixed the issue where upgrading the `mssql service-ai` package caused problems with trusting the SQL Server certificate
- Fixed the issue where fetching the call counter API timed out
- Fixed the incorrect type in `@cognigy/extension-tools` v0.16.1
- Fixed the issue showing the incorrect AI Copilot favicon

### Cognigy Live Agent

**Released** May 28th, 2024

#### Improvements

- Added content normalization to messages for better matching with Automation Rules, handling different user input variations

#### Bugfixes

- Fixed the issue with the Live Agent OData endpoint. Previously, querying the conversation entity without using `$select` caused errors in PowerBI and Excel. Now, the `custom_attributes` and `additional_attribute` fields return as strings

### Cognigy Voice Gateway

**Released** May 28th, 2024

#### Bugfixes

- Fixed the issue in `sbc-outbound` where non-audible calls occurred after declining a call. This issue happened when using TLS and multiple gateways for outbound calls

### Infrastructure

#### Cognigy Voice Gateway

- Add `DEEPGRAM_SPEECH_USE_SINGLE_CONNECTION` to the `feature-server` StatefulSet and Deployment for the container FreeSWITCH. It can be controlled via `.Values.freeswitch.deepgramSttUseSingleConnection`. The default value is `true`.
- Add `DISABLE_HTTP2_FOR_TTS_STREAMING` to the `feature-server` StatefulSet and Deployment for the container freeSWITCH. It can be controlled via `.Values.freeswitch.disableHttp2ForTtsStreaming`. The default value is `true`.
- Change the default value of `.Values.webapp.enableOnPremisesAzureSpeech` to `true`. Microsoft Azure Speech Services can be installed on-premises.
- Change the default value of `.Values.webapp.enableOnPremisesDeepgram` to `true`. Deepgram can be installed on-premises.
- Change the default value of `.Values.webapp.enableOnPremisesNuance` to `true`. Nuance can be installed on-premises.

#### Version Compatibility Matrix

The version compatibility matrix was updated for the following Cognigy products:

- [Cognigy.AI, Insights, and AI Copilot](../ai/installation/version-compatibility-matrix.md)
- [Live Agent](../live-agent/installation/deployment/version-compatibility-matrix.md)
- [Cognigy Voice Gateway](../voice-gateway/installation/version-compatibility-matrix.md)