---
title: "4.85"
slug: "4.85"
hidden: false
---

# 4.85

!!! warning "Removal of Several LLM Versions by OpenAI, Azure OpenAI, and Google"
    If you are using these models as custom models, switch to [newer versions](../ai/empower/llms/model-support-by-feature.md) before the shutdown date:

    - Google Vertex AI: `chat-bison@002`, `chat-bison@002`, `chat-bison-32k@002`, `code-bison@002`,`code-bison-32k@002`,`codechat-bison@002`, `codechat-bison-32k@002`, `text-bison@002`, `text-bison-32k@002` (removal date is October 9, 2024). For more information, read the [Google Vertex AI documentation](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/legacy/legacy-models).

    Refer to the list of all upcoming deprecations and removals on the [Deprecations and Removals](deprecations-and-removals.md) page.

!!! warning "Upcoming Feature Deprecations and Removals"
    - [AudioCodes Nodes](../ai/build/node-reference/voice/audiocodes/overview.md) and [Generic Voice Nodes](../ai/build/node-reference/voice/generic/overview.md) will be deprecated at the end of February 2025. After this time, you won't be able to create new Nodes, but you can still edit or clone existing ones. Flows with these Nodes will continue to work after the deprecation date.
    - [Webchat v2](../webchat/v2/overview.md) has been deprecated in version 4.83 and will be retired in February 2026.

## 4.85.1

### Cognigy.AI

**Released** September 23, 2024

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where no output at all was generated when the AI Enhanced Outputs feature in the Say node was used.

## 4.85.0

### Cognigy.AI

**Released** September 17, 2024

#### Improvements

- Added the name of the Knowledge Source to the Edit Knowledge Source window
- Removed the [GPT Conversation](../ai/build/node-reference/service/gpt-conversation.md) and [Send Text](../ai/build/node-reference/basic/send-text.md) Nodes. Note that if you are still using them, the Nodes in the existing Flows will continue to work

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where `sourceMetaData.sourceName` in the `topK` object was incorrectly set `manual` type for a Knowledge Source, instead of displaying the name of the Knowledge Source
- Fixed the issue where the `gpt-3.5-turbo` model was not marked as legacy in the Knowledge AI wizard
- Fixed the issue where the Interaction Panel might freeze if a `DATE` Slot lacks a start date

### Cognigy Voice Gateway

**Released** September 17, 2024

#### Improvements

- Included new multilingual voices with support for additional locales for [Microsoft](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/speech-service/language-support?tabs=tts) and removed one deprecated voice 

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where the label for the speech service, specified for either text-to-speech or speech-to-text, was not applied correctly

### Cognigy Webchat

**Released** September 17, 2024

#### Improvements

- Updated the Webchat v3 widget to [v3.4.0](https://github.com/Cognigy/Webchat/releases/tag/v3.4.0)
- Updated Demo Webchat with the latest version of Webchat v3.4.0

### Cognigy Live Agent

**Released** September 17, 2024

#### Improvements

- Added the option to [sort unassigned conversations](../live-agent/conversation/search-and-filter.md#sort-conversations) by displaying the oldest ones first
- Extended the Live Agent OData endpoint limit using `$skip` and `$top` from 20 to 10,000 entries

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where updating the Account Settings was not working
- Fixed the issue where the Contact Profile without `profile_id` could not be updated

### Infrastructure

#### Cognigy Voice Gateway

Customers using `Deployments` and `DaemonSets` will no longer receive updates.

- The `Deployment` of `feature-server` will no longer be maintained. Migrate to `StatefulSet`
- The `DaemonSet` of `sbc-sip` will no longer be maintained. Migrate to `StatefulSet`
- The `DaemonSet` of `sbc-rtp` will no longer be maintained. Migrate to `StatefulSet`

#### Version Compatibility Matrix

The version compatibility matrix was updated for the following Cognigy products:

- [Cognigy.AI, Insights, and AI Copilot](../ai/installation/version-compatibility-matrix.md)
- [Cognigy Live Agent](../live-agent/installation/deployment/version-compatibility-matrix.md)
- [Cognigy Voice Gateway](../voice-gateway/installation/version-compatibility-matrix.md)