---
title: "4.86"
slug: "4.86"
hidden: false
---

# 4.86

!!! danger "Breaking Changes in 4.86"
    - We have upgraded [Redis from v7.2 to v7.4](#redis-v74). As this new version uses a different version of the Redis Database, it is not possible to downgrade to v7.2 after the upgrade.
    - [Cognigy Live Agent](../live-agent/index.md) is now available under the `FEATURE_ENABLE_COGNIGY_LIVE_AGENT_WHITELIST` feature flag, allowing access to Cognigy Live Agent on an organization basis: 
        - For shared or dedicated SaaS installations, no changes are required. The feature flag will be applied automatically.
        - For on-premises installations, make sure to add a feature flag when upgrading to 4.86. Otherwise, Live Agent and dependent entities, such as Live Agent Handover, will be unavailable. When adding the feature flag, include a list of organizations for which you want to enable Cognigy Live Agent. For example, `FEATURE_ENABLE_COGNIGY_LIVE_AGENT_WHITELIST="organization1,organization2"`. To enable Live Agent for all organizations in your installation, use `*` instead of a list of organizations. If you are a new on-premises customer and purchase Cognigy Live Agent with version 4.86, in addition to this flag, make sure to add `FEATURE_USE_LIVE_AGENT: "true"` in the Cognigy.AI `values.yaml` file.
    - Due to the recent [class renamings](#cognigy-webchat) in Webchat v3, there may be breaking style changes. Review your implementations accordingly.

!!! warning "Removal of Several LLM Versions by OpenAI, Azure OpenAI, and Google"
    If you are using these models as custom models, switch to [newer versions](../ai/empower/llms/model-support-by-feature.md) before the shutdown date:

    - Google Vertex AI: `chat-bison@002`, `chat-bison@002`, `chat-bison-32k@002`, `code-bison@002`,`code-bison-32k@002`,`codechat-bison@002`, `codechat-bison-32k@002`, `text-bison@002`, `text-bison-32k@002` (removal date is October 9, 2024). For more information, read the [Google Vertex AI documentation](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/legacy/legacy-models).
 
     Refer to the list of all upcoming deprecations and removals on the [Deprecations and Removals](deprecations-and-removals.md) page.

## 4.86.0

### Cognigy.AI

**Released** October 1, 2024

#### Improvements

- Adjusted the style of the Create Project button to make it smaller and added a [search bar](../ai/build/projects.md) to enable Project searches.
- Added a new feature flag `FEATURE_ENABLE_COGNIGY_LIVE_AGENT_WHITELIST` to enable Live Agent per organization, as it is no longer enabled by default for every environment.
- Added rolling date options to the Agent Dashboard and Admin Center Conversations graphs, enabling users to view dynamic time periods that automatically update with the latest data.
- Added the [Log to System Logs](../ai/build/node-reference/service/llm-prompt.md) option to the Error Handling section in the LLM Prompt Node. Activate this option and view the Node's logs by navigating to Test > Logs in your Project.

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where assigning projects to users was vulnerable to the Lack of User Invitation Threshold vulnerability. Project invitations are now limited to 10 per day per user, configurable via `MAX_ADD_PROJECT_MEMBER_REQUESTS_PER_EMAIL_PER_DAY`.
- Fixed the issue where profiles with a merged `contactId` were not returning the most up-to-date profile data.
- Fixed the issue where some updates, like Knowledge Chunk updates, would fail when a package creation was running in the background.
- Fixed the issue where OpenAPI documentation incorrectly showed the `/lastloginattempt` endpoint as a `POST` method, when it should be a `GET` method.
- Fixed the issue where AI Enhanced Output resulted in no output.
- Fixed the issue where chart execution highlighting was not displayed correctly.
- Fixed the issue where token limit constraints were not applied during Intent Recognition with the External Embedding Model, causing errors when processing large sets of sentences that exceeded the token limit.
- Fixed the issue where the `DeleteProfile` Node failed to delete data from Postgres tables when Cube was enabled.
- Fixed the issue where the Fuzzy Search Node showed an error in the Interaction Panel.
- Fixed the issue where the user's name in the Genesys chat was not displayed even when it was available.
- Fixed the issue where the connection to the AI Copilot Bot was not functioning.

### Cognigy Voice Gateway

**Released** October 1, 2024

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where alternative languages would not reset correctly when a new configuration was applied.
- Fixed the issue where the result of the `Enable Execution Finished Transformer` was `TRANSFORMER_RESULT_WHEN_FALSY`, which caused the feature server to fail when sent to Voice Gateway. This result is no longer sent to Voice Gateway.
- Fixed the issue where Answering Machine Detection hints were not functioning properly with Google and Deepgram when long hints were applied.

### Cognigy Webchat

**Released** October 1, 2024

#### Improvements

- Updated the Webchat v3 widget to [v3.5.0](https://github.com/Cognigy/Webchat/releases/tag/v3.5.0).
- Updated Demo Webchat with the latest version of Webchat v3.5.0.
- Introduced new classes for css-customization.
- Renamed CSS classes for better clarity: 
    - `webchat-chat-options-root` is now `webchat-chat-options-action-btns-root`.
    - `webchat-chat-options-button` is now `webchat-chat-options-action-button`.
    - `webchat-chat-options-button-container` is now `webchat-chat-options-action-button-container`.
  These changes may affect the styling of your Webchat v3, review your implementation accordingly.

### Cognigy Live Agent

**Released** October 1, 2024

#### Improvements

- Improved the robustness of conversation and agent assignment to prevent unwanted behavior, ensuring that chats are correctly assigned to agents when using filters for least conversations, skills, and languages.
- Improved event handling by adjusting it to prevent private messages from being counted as outgoing messages to the end customer.

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where conversation filters were throwing 500 errors depending on the conditions used.
- Fixed the issue where new conversations appeared even when filters were applied.
- Fixed the issue where the warning in the AI Copilot section in profile settings was not displaying the right wording.
- Fixed the issue where captions for attachments were not appearing when using the WhatsApp endpoint.
- Fixed the issue where auto-assignment was not functioning as expected when agents logged in to Live Agent.
- Fixed the issue where the display name of an agent was not included in the API payload as defined in the agent's profile.

### Infrastructure

#### Cognigy.AI

##### Redis v7.4

This release requires upgrading Redis from version 7.2 to version 7.4. It is important to note that once Redis has been upgraded to version 7.4, it cannot be downgraded back to version 7.2.

##### Full Compatibility with MongoDB v6

- For `MongoDB Atlas`: On-prem customers can upgrade their installations to MongoDB v6 after upgrading Cognigy.AI to v4.86.
- For `MongoDB Cognigy Helm Chart`: Customers can upgrade their Cognigy MongoDB Helm Chart to v13.18.5 (MongoDB v6) after upgrading Cognigy.AI to v4.86 by following the guide: https://github.com/Cognigy/cognigy-mongodb-helm-chart/blob/master/upgrade/upgrade-13.18.5.md 

#### Cognigy Voice Gateway

- Updated `redis` to `7.4.0-debian-12-r4`
- Updated `redis-sentinel` to `7.4.0-debian-12-r4`
- Updated `redis-exporter` to `1.63.0-debian-12-r0`
- Updated `sbc-sip` StatefulSet container `drachtio` metrics port name to `sip-drachtio`
- Updated `sbc-sip` PodMonitor endpoint to `sip-drachtio`
- Updated `feature-server` StatefulSet container `drachtio` metrics port name to `fs-drachtio`
- Updated `feature-server` PodMonitor endpoint to `fs-drachtio`
- Updated `api-ban` to `1.1.0`
- Updated `influxDB` to `1.8.10-alpine`
- Updated `mysql` to `8.0.39-debian-12-r5`
- Updated `mysql-exporter` to `0.15.1-debian-12-r34`
- Updated `vg-jaeger` to `1.61.0`
- Updated `vg-heplify-server` to `1.59.7-1`
- Updated `vg-homer` to `1.5.3`
- Updated `postgres-exporter` to `0.15.0-debian-12-r43`
- Updated `freeswitch-mrf` to `0.9.3`

#### Version Compatibility Matrix

The version compatibility matrix was updated for the following Cognigy products:

- [Cognigy.AI, Insights, and AI Copilot](../ai/installation/version-compatibility-matrix.md)
- [Cognigy Live Agent](../live-agent/installation/deployment/version-compatibility-matrix.md)
- [Cognigy Voice Gateway](../voice-gateway/installation/version-compatibility-matrix.md)