---
title: "4.88"
slug: "4.88"
hidden: false
---

# 4.88

!!! warning "Traefik Upgrade and Temporary Service Unavailability"
    For all Cognigy installations, we are updating Traefik from version 2.10 to 3.1.6.
    Note that the Cognigy products and related connections, including Webchat and WebSocket connections, will be terminated and unavailable during the update.
    We recommend upgrading to the 4.88 release during low-traffic hours. For the instructions, go to the [Infrastructure](#infrastructure) section.

!!! warning "Removal of Several LLM Versions by OpenAI, Azure OpenAI, and Anthropic"
    If you are using these models as custom models, switch to [newer versions](../ai/empower/llms/model-support-by-feature.md) before the shutdown date.
     
    - Anthropic: `claude-1.0`, `claude-1.1`, `claude-1.2`, `claude-1.3`, `claude-1.3-100k`, `claude-instant-1.0`, `claude-instant-1.1`, `claude-instant-1.1-100k`, `claude-instant-1.2`	(removal date is November 6, 2024)<br>
    - Azure OpenAI: `gpt-35-turbo (version 1106)` (removal date is no earlier than November 17, 2024)<br>
    - OpenAI: `gpt-4-vision-preview`, `gpt-4-1106-vision-preview` (removal date is December 6, 2024)

    Refer to the list of all upcoming removals on the [Deprecations and Removals](deprecations-and-removals.md) page.

## 4.88.1

### Cognigy Live Agent

**Released** November 11, 2024

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where a human agent assigned to multiple inboxes could receive more conversations than the limit set in the Account Settings

## 4.88.0

### Cognigy.AI

**Released** October 29, 2024

#### Improvements

- Moved the [User Menu](../ai/build/projects.md) and the [Help button](../ai/build/projects.md) to the bottom-left corner of the Project sidebar
- Added the [Error Handling](../ai/build/node-reference/logic/think.md) section to the Think Node to control how Think Node errors are managed within a Flow
- Added the ability to send attachments to Genesys Open Messaging when using Webchat v2 or v3 Endpoints. Note that captions are not supported
- Upgraded the `mongodb` dependency used by Mongo Nodes to v6. Now, [MongoDB Nodes](../ai/build/node-reference/service/mongo-db.md#restrictions) are compatible with MongoDB 3.6 or later versions
- Added the [Handover Already in Progress](../ai/build/node-reference/logic/lookup.md) status to the Handover Status in the Lookup Node. This status is applicable only to the Genesys Cloud Open Messaging handover provider

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue that caused duplicate records to appear in the Intent Trainer
- Fixed the issue where the lexicon slots API response did not match the expected result
- Fixed the issue where the Live Agent session is not terminated when the user password is changed or deprecated
- Fixed the issue where the Genesys Cloud Open Messaging conversation handover ended when a human agent declined to handle the conversation
- Fixed the issue in the Question Node where adding two channels, AI and Voice Gateway, resulted in the original question text remaining unchanged for the AI channel but changing for the Voice Gateway channel
- Fixed the issue where the Merge Profile Node randomly merged profiles before the update
- Fixed the issue where NLU training would fail if the training took longer than 30 minutes when using RabbitMQ version 3.8.15 or higher. This issue is resolved for RabbitMQ versions 3.12.0 and above. It is not fixable for RabbitMQ versions between 3.8.15 and 3.12.0

### Cognigy Voice Gateway

**Released** October 29, 2024

#### Improvements

- Changed the type of the [Transcription Webhook](../ai/build/node-reference/voice/voice-gateway/transfer.md) field from URL to CognigyScript to support dynamic values
- Added the capability to enable the [Flow Input Timeout](../ai/build/node-reference/voice/voice-gateway/parameter-details.md) feature within the [AudioCodes Compatibility mode](../voice-gateway/migrate-from-ac-to-vg.md)
- Improved tracing log on the [Tracing](../voice-gateway/webapp/recent-calls.md) tab in Recent Calls within the Voice Gateway Self-Service Portal:
    - Added the `tts.label` parameter to the `tts-generation` span
    - Added the `stt.label` parameter to the `verb:gather` span
    - Added the `tts.label` and `stt.label` parameters to the `verb:config` span<br>
    To view span details, select the span on the Tracing tab.

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where users with the `Account` scope were able to access and delete information out of their scope
- Fixed the issue where the SIPS scheme in the `SIP Contact` header was used after the `re-INVITE` request. This issue led to silent or broken calls because the secure connection was not handled properly

### Cognigy Webchat

**Released** October 29, 2024

#### Improvements

- Updated Webchat v3 to [v3.7.0](https://github.com/Cognigy/Webchat/releases/tag/v3.7.0)

### xApps

**Released** October 29, 2024

#### Improvements

- Added a general agent-friendly serialization of xApps JSON objects. This improvement helps human agents using Genesys Cloud Open Messaging, RingCentral Engage, and Chatwoot read xApps output in a simplified format instead of raw JSON. In the new format, the JSON syntax is replaced with nested bulleted lists, allowing agents who are unfamiliar with JSON notation to quickly understand the information

### AI Copilot

**Released** October 29, 2024

#### Improvements

- Improved by removing the need to inject the AI Copilot SDK into a script tag. It is now injected automatically, allowing direct use of `SDK.postback(payload)`. For more information, go to the [Copilot: IFrame Tile](../ai/build/node-reference/ai-copilot/set-iframe-tile.md#sending-json-data-back-to-the-flow) and [Copilot: HTML Tile](../ai/build/node-reference/ai-copilot/set-html-tile.md#sending-json-data-back-to-the-flow) Nodes

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where HTML was re-rendering in upcoming updates, even when the content remained unchanged. Now, HTML only re-renders in response to metadata changes

### Cognigy Live Agent

**Released** October 29, 2024

#### Improvements

- Implemented name validations for [inboxes](../live-agent/settings/inboxes.md#create-an-inbox), [teams](../live-agent/settings/teams.md#create-a-team), and [labels](../live-agent/settings/labels.md#create-a-label) to ensure CSV safety. This improvement prevents the entry of Excel formulas that begin with the `=` character
- Improved by displaying an activity message when conversation assignment is performed by an automation rule

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where users with the `Supervisor` role could delete an inbox avatar. Now only users with the `Administrator` role can delete inbox avatars
- Fixed the issue where resolved conversations were unassigned when a human agent was removed from the inbox
- Fixed the issue preventing inbox deletion when its conversations were created with skills
- Fixed the issue that allowed human agents to receive new conversations even when they had pending or snoozed ones exceeding the limit
- Fixed the issue of conversations being automatically assigned to online agents outside the inbox

### Cognigy Insights

**Released** October 29, 2024

#### Improvements

- Improved by showing an ID in a tooltip for Endpoint and Snapshot filters

### Infrastructure

#### Traefik

We have updated Traefik, the Kubernetes Ingress Controller,
to improve functionality and address known security vulnerabilities in the dependencies of Cognigy.AI,
Insights, Live Agent, and Voice Gateway.
This update brings Traefik to version 3.1.6 and includes the latest Helm Chart for Traefik,
reflecting our commitment to continuous improvement.

The products Cognigy.AI, Insights, and Live Agent will be updated within the Cognigy.AI installation, but to update Voice Gateway, you need to repeat the same steps only for the Voice Gateway installation.

Note that the Cognigy products and related connections, including Webchat and WebSocket connections, will be terminated and unavailable during the update.
We recommend upgrading to the 4.88 release during low-traffic hours.

##### Pre-Installation Tasks

Before installing the Helm Chart, follow these steps:

1. Deploy the latest CRDs of Traefik by executing the following command:

    ```bash
    kubectl apply --server-side --force-conflicts -k "https://github.com/traefik/traefik-helm-chart/traefik/crds/?ref=v32.1.1"
    ```

2. In the new Traefik Helm Chart, the `traefik.ports.<port_name>.expose` configuration previously took a boolean as input but now takes a map as input. If you have modified `traefik.ports.<port_name>.expose` in your local `values.yaml` file, update it accordingly.

For more detailed information, refer to the official [release notes](https://github.com/traefik/traefik-helm-chart/releases/tag/v32.1.1) provided by Traefik.

##### Post-Installation Tasks

After installing the release, clean up the deprecated CRDs of Traefik by using the following command:

```bash
kubectl delete crds \
ingressroutes.traefik.containo.us \
ingressroutetcps.traefik.containo.us \
ingressrouteudps.traefik.containo.us \
middlewares.traefik.containo.us \
middlewaretcps.traefik.containo.us \
serverstransports.traefik.containo.us \
tlsoptions.traefik.containo.us \
tlsstores.traefik.containo.us \
traefikservices.traefik.containo.us
```

#### Version Compatibility Matrix

The version compatibility matrix was updated for the following Cognigy products:

- [Cognigy.AI, Insights, and AI Copilot](../ai/installation/version-compatibility-matrix.md)
- [Cognigy Live Agent](../live-agent/installation/deployment/version-compatibility-matrix.md)
- [Cognigy Voice Gateway](../voice-gateway/installation/version-compatibility-matrix.md)